<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# config\_azurestorageaccounts submodule

This submodule manages the Azure Storage Accounts mount configuration (`Microsoft.Web/sites/config`, name: `azurestorageaccounts`) for an Azure App Service site.

It can be used independently to configure storage mounts on an existing site.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.9)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource_action.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource_action) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_parent_id"></a> [parent\_id](#input\_parent\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the App Service site or slot.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_storage_shares_to_mount"></a> [storage\_shares\_to\_mount](#input\_storage\_shares\_to\_mount)

Description: A map of Storage Account file shares to mount to the App Service.

- `access_key` - (Required) The access key for the Storage Account.
- `account_name` - (Required) The name of the Storage Account.
- `mount_path` - (Required) The path to mount the share at within the App Service.
- `name` - (Required) The name of the storage mount.
- `share_name` - (Required) The name of the file share.
- `type` - (Optional) The type of storage. Defaults to `AzureFiles`.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    access_key   = string
    account_name = string
    mount_path   = string
    name         = string
    share_name   = string
    type         = optional(string, "AzureFiles")
  }))
```

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_is_slot"></a> [is\_slot](#input\_is\_slot)

Description: Whether the parent resource is a deployment slot. Defaults to `false`.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the config resource.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: The full resource object.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the config resource.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft's privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->