<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# site\_config\_helpers submodule

This submodule provides helper locals for transforming site configuration inputs into the format expected by the AzAPI provider for Azure App Service sites.

It can be used independently to generate site configuration objects for use with `Microsoft.Web/sites` resources.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.9)

## Resources

No resources.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_os_type"></a> [os\_type](#input\_os\_type)

Description: The OS type. Must be `Linux` or `Windows`.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_managed_identities"></a> [managed\_identities](#input\_managed\_identities)

Description: Managed identity configuration.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    system_assigned            = optional(bool, false)
    user_assigned_resource_ids = optional(set(string), [])
  })
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_site_config"></a> [site\_config](#input\_site\_config)

Description: The site configuration object to transform. Uses `any` type as this is an internal helper; callers validate types.

Type: `any`

Default: `{}`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_auto_heal_rules"></a> [auto\_heal\_rules](#output\_auto\_heal\_rules)

Description: ARM-format auto heal rules.

### <a name="output_has_identity"></a> [has\_identity](#output\_has\_identity)

Description: Whether an identity block should be configured.

### <a name="output_identity_block"></a> [identity\_block](#output\_identity\_block)

Description: ARM-format identity block.

### <a name="output_ip_security_restrictions"></a> [ip\_security\_restrictions](#output\_ip\_security\_restrictions)

Description: ARM-format IP security restrictions.

### <a name="output_java_container"></a> [java\_container](#output\_java\_container)

Description: Java container value.

### <a name="output_java_container_version"></a> [java\_container\_version](#output\_java\_container\_version)

Description: Java container version.

### <a name="output_java_version"></a> [java\_version](#output\_java\_version)

Description: Java version.

### <a name="output_linux_fx_version"></a> [linux\_fx\_version](#output\_linux\_fx\_version)

Description: Computed linuxFxVersion string.

### <a name="output_net_framework_version"></a> [net\_framework\_version](#output\_net\_framework\_version)

Description: Computed .NET framework version.

### <a name="output_node_version"></a> [node\_version](#output\_node\_version)

Description: Node.js version.

### <a name="output_php_version"></a> [php\_version](#output\_php\_version)

Description: PHP version.

### <a name="output_powershell_version"></a> [powershell\_version](#output\_powershell\_version)

Description: PowerShell version.

### <a name="output_python_version"></a> [python\_version](#output\_python\_version)

Description: Python version.

### <a name="output_scm_ip_security_restrictions"></a> [scm\_ip\_security\_restrictions](#output\_scm\_ip\_security\_restrictions)

Description: ARM-format SCM IP security restrictions.

### <a name="output_site_config_metadata"></a> [site\_config\_metadata](#output\_site\_config\_metadata)

Description: ARM-format siteConfig metadata (e.g. CURRENT\_STACK).

### <a name="output_windows_fx_version"></a> [windows\_fx\_version](#output\_windows\_fx\_version)

Description: Computed windowsFxVersion string.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft's privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->