<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# config\_authsettingsv2 submodule

This submodule manages the authentication settings V2 configuration (`Microsoft.Web/sites/config`, name: `authsettingsV2`) for an Azure App Service site.

It can be used independently to configure authentication (v2) settings on an existing site.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.9)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_parent_id"></a> [parent\_id](#input\_parent\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the App Service site.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_active_directory_v2"></a> [active\_directory\_v2](#input\_active\_directory\_v2)

Description: Active Directory V2 authentication configuration.

- `allowed_applications` - (Optional) A list of allowed application IDs.
- `allowed_audiences` - (Optional) A list of allowed audience values.
- `allowed_groups` - (Optional) A list of allowed group IDs.
- `allowed_identities` - (Optional) A list of allowed identity values.
- `client_id` - (Optional) The Client ID.
- `client_secret_certificate_thumbprint` - (Optional) The thumbprint of the client secret certificate.
- `client_secret_setting_name` - (Optional) The app setting name that contains the client secret.
- `jwt_allowed_client_applications` - (Optional) A list of allowed JWT client applications.
- `jwt_allowed_groups` - (Optional) A list of allowed JWT groups.
- `login_parameters` - (Optional) A map of login parameters.
- `tenant_auth_endpoint` - (Optional) The tenant authentication endpoint.
- `www_authentication_disabled` - (Optional) Should WWW-Authenticate be disabled? Defaults to `false`.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    allowed_applications                 = optional(list(string))
    allowed_audiences                    = optional(list(string))
    allowed_groups                       = optional(list(string))
    allowed_identities                   = optional(list(string))
    client_id                            = optional(string)
    client_secret_certificate_thumbprint = optional(string)
    client_secret_setting_name           = optional(string)
    jwt_allowed_client_applications      = optional(list(string))
    jwt_allowed_groups                   = optional(list(string))
    login_parameters                     = optional(map(any))
    tenant_auth_endpoint                 = optional(string)
    www_authentication_disabled          = optional(bool, false)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_auth_enabled"></a> [auth\_enabled](#input\_auth\_enabled)

Description: Is authentication enabled? Defaults to `false`.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_config_file_path"></a> [config\_file\_path](#input\_config\_file\_path)

Description: The path to the auth configuration file.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_default_provider"></a> [default\_provider](#input\_default\_provider)

Description: The default authentication provider.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_excluded_paths"></a> [excluded\_paths](#input\_excluded\_paths)

Description: A list of paths excluded from authentication.

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_forward_proxy_convention"></a> [forward\_proxy\_convention](#input\_forward\_proxy\_convention)

Description: The convention for forwarding proxy headers. Defaults to `NoProxy`.

Type: `string`

Default: `"NoProxy"`

### <a name="input_forward_proxy_custom_host_header_name"></a> [forward\_proxy\_custom\_host\_header\_name](#input\_forward\_proxy\_custom\_host\_header\_name)

Description: The custom host header name for the forward proxy.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_forward_proxy_custom_scheme_header_name"></a> [forward\_proxy\_custom\_scheme\_header\_name](#input\_forward\_proxy\_custom\_scheme\_header\_name)

Description: The custom scheme header name for the forward proxy.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_http_route_api_prefix"></a> [http\_route\_api\_prefix](#input\_http\_route\_api\_prefix)

Description: The prefix for the HTTP route API. Defaults to `/.auth`.

Type: `string`

Default: `"/.auth"`

### <a name="input_login"></a> [login](#input\_login)

Description: Login configuration for auth settings V2.

- `allowed_external_redirect_urls` - (Optional) A list of allowed external redirect URLs.
- `cookie_expiration_convention` - (Optional) The cookie expiration convention. Defaults to `FixedTime`.
- `cookie_expiration_time` - (Optional) The cookie expiration time. Defaults to `08:00:00`.
- `logout_endpoint` - (Optional) The logout endpoint.
- `nonce_expiration_time` - (Optional) The nonce expiration time. Defaults to `00:05:00`.
- `preserve_url_fragments_for_logins` - (Optional) Should URL fragments be preserved for logins? Defaults to `false`.
- `token_refresh_extension_time` - (Optional) Hours before token expiry to refresh. Defaults to `72`.
- `token_store_enabled` - (Optional) Should the token store be enabled? Defaults to `false`.
- `token_store_path` - (Optional) The path to the token store.
- `token_store_sas_setting_name` - (Optional) The app setting name that contains the token store SAS URL.
- `validate_nonce` - (Optional) Should the nonce be validated? Defaults to `true`.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    allowed_external_redirect_urls    = optional(list(string))
    cookie_expiration_convention      = optional(string, "FixedTime")
    cookie_expiration_time            = optional(string, "08:00:00")
    logout_endpoint                   = optional(string)
    nonce_expiration_time             = optional(string, "00:05:00")
    preserve_url_fragments_for_logins = optional(bool, false)
    token_refresh_extension_time      = optional(number, 72)
    token_store_enabled               = optional(bool, false)
    token_store_path                  = optional(string)
    token_store_sas_setting_name      = optional(string)
    validate_nonce                    = optional(bool, true)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_require_authentication"></a> [require\_authentication](#input\_require\_authentication)

Description: Should authentication be required? Defaults to `false`.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_require_https"></a> [require\_https](#input\_require\_https)

Description: Should HTTPS be required? Defaults to `true`.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_runtime_version"></a> [runtime\_version](#input\_runtime\_version)

Description: The runtime version of the auth module. Defaults to `~1`.

Type: `string`

Default: `"~1"`

### <a name="input_unauthenticated_action"></a> [unauthenticated\_action](#input\_unauthenticated\_action)

Description: The action for unauthenticated requests. Defaults to `RedirectToLoginPage`.

Type: `string`

Default: `"RedirectToLoginPage"`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the config resource.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: The full resource object.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the config resource.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft's privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->